Add content to aspnet-core roadmap (#3294)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/roadmaps/aspnet-core/content/110-real-time-communication/101-singlar-core.md

> # Singlar Core
> 
> For more information, visit the following links:
> 
> - [ASP.NET - Single-Page Applications](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/archive/msdn-magazine/2013/november/asp-net-single-page-applications-build-modern-responsive-web-apps-with-asp-net)
> - [Intro to ASP.NET Singlar Core](https://www.ifourtechnolab.com/blog/differences-between-asp-net-and-asp-net-core-asp-net-vs-asp-net-core)
> - [How fast is ASP.NET Core?](https://dusted.codes/how-fast-is-really-aspnet-core)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# SignalR Core

SignalR is a real-time communication library for .NET that allows for the creation of real-time web applications. SignalR Core is the latest version of SignalR, which has been rebuilt from the ground up to be cross-platform and lightweight. It allows for bidirectional communication between a client (such as a web page) and a server, enabling real-time updates, notifications, and other interactions. SignalR Core can be used in a variety of scenarios such as chat applications, gaming, and real-time dashboards. It supports multiple transports like WebSockets, Server-Sent Events and Long polling. It also supports for authentication and authorization.

For more information, visit the following links:

- [Overview of ASP.NET Core SignalR](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/signalr/introduction?view=aspnetcore-7.0)
```
